Add checkout scm examples (#1268)
jenkinsci/git-plugin: README.adoc

==== Checkout with ssh and a private key credential

Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https protocol, ssh private credentials, and a non-default branch. 
The git plugin supports private key credentials provided by the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials[Jenkins credentials plugin].

[source,groovy]
---
checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',
          branches: [[name: 'master']],

>           userRemoteConfigs: [[credentialsId: 'e1476d45-b77d-4af6-a80f-e2fe95eca822', url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/git-plugin.git']]])

Reviewer: While the credential id is valid, it is easier for readers to understand the purpose of the id if we make it more verbose.  Also need to use an ssh protocol URL in order to use an ssh private key credential.  The ssh private key credential won't work with an https URL.
```suggestion
          userRemoteConfigs: [[credentialsId: 'my-ssh-private-key-id',
                                              url: 'ssh://github.com/jenkinsci/git-plugin.git']]])
```

Author: Okay

---

==== Checkout with https and a username/password credential

Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https protocol, username/password credentials, and a non-default branch. The git plugin supports username/password credentials provided by the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials[Jenkins credentials plugin].

[source,groovy]
---
checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',

>           branches: [[name: 'jenkinsfile']],
>           userRemoteConfigs: [[credentialsId: 'e1476d45-b77d-4af6-a80f-e2fe95eca822', url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/git-client-plugin.git']]])

Reviewer: Best to use a branch that exists in the repository.
```suggestion
          branches: [[name: 'stable-2.x']],
          userRemoteConfigs: [[credentialsId: 'my-username-password',
                             url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/git-client-plugin.git']]])
```

Author: okay. Will do that.

---

==== Checkout with git large file support enabled

> Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https no credentials, a non-default branch, and git large file support extension link:https://git-lfs.github.com 
> [Enable git large file support] for the workspace by pulling large files after the checkout completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https protocol, username/password credentials, and a non-default branch.
The git plugin supports username/password credentials provided by the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials[credentials plugin].
```

[source,groovy]
---
checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',

>           branches: [[name: 'disposer']],

Reviewer: We should use branch names that exist so that the examples work with copy and paste
```suggestion
          branches: [[name: 'stable-2.x']],
```

          extensions: [[$class: 'GitLFSPull']],
          userRemoteConfigs: [[url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/git-client-plugin.git']]])
---

==== Checkout without fetching tags (advanced clone behavior)

> Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch, and without tags saving time and disk space when you want to access only what is specified by the refspec, without considering any repository tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https with no credentials, a default branch, and without tags.
This can save time and disk space when you want to access the repository without considering tags.
```

[source,groovy]
---
checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',
          branches: [[name: '*/master']],

>           extensions: [[$class: 'CloneOption', noTags: true, reference: '', shallow: false]],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          extensions: [[$class: 'CloneOption', noTags: true]],
```

==== Checkout with ssh and a private key credential

> Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https protocol, ssh private credentials, and a non-default branch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using ssh protocol, ssh private credentials, and a non-default branch. 
```

The git plugin supports private key credentials provided by the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials[Jenkins credentials plugin].

[source,groovy]
---
checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',

>           branches: [[name: 'master']],

Reviewer: Need to use a non-default branch name
```suggestion
          branches: [[name: 'stable-2.x']],
```

          userRemoteConfigs: [[credentialsId:  'my-ssh-private-key-id', url: 'ssh://github.com/jenkinsci/git-plugin.git']]])
---

==== Checkout with https and a username/password credential

> Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https protocol, username/password credentials, and a non-default branch. The git plugin supports username/password credentials provided by the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials[Jenkins credentials plugin].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https protocol, username/password credentials, and a non-default branch.
The git plugin supports username/password credentials provided by the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/credentials[Jenkins credentials plugin].
```
